Update PyCape example with function token (#30)
capeprivacy/functions: README.md

```

### np-stats

> A simple example with numpy dependencies and using [pycape](https://github.com/capeprivacy/pycape) and [serdio.lift_io](https://github.com/capeprivacy/pycape/tree/main/serdio) to handle automatic serialization/deserialization of Cape function input/outputs. All commands are run from the repo root directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A simple example with numpy dependencies and using [pycape](https://github.com/capeprivacy/pycape) and [serdio.lift_io](https://pydocs.capeprivacy.com/serdio.io_lifter.html#serdio.io_lifter.lift_io) to handle automatic serialization/deserialization of Cape function input/outputs. All commands are run from the repo root directory.
```

Note the `numpy_serde.py` helper, which defines a custom encoder/decoder bundle that allows `serdio` to handle numpy arrays.

**Build the deployment package:**

```bash
mkdir np-stats/np-stats-deployment
cp np-stats/app.py np-stats/numpy_serde.py np-stats/np-stats-deployment/.
# Add serdio and numpy dependencies using docker
docker run -v `pwd`:/build -w /build --rm -it python:3.9-slim-bullseye pip install -r np-stats/requirements.txt --target np-stats/np-stats-deployment/
```

**Deploy the function:**

Deploy with the CLI the function as follow:
```
cape deploy np-stats/np-stats-deployment
```
Generate the function token based on the function ID and function checksum returned by deploy:
```

> cape token <FUNCTION_ID> --function-checksum <FUNCTION _CHECKSUM> o json >  np-stats/numpy_token.json

Reviewer: ```suggestion
cape token <FUNCTION_ID> --function-checksum <FUNCTION _CHECKSUM> -o json >  np-stats/numpy_token.json
```
